# Force

Most people in crypto came here initially because of the allure of money. Either we missed an opportunity to buy, are looking for an opportunity to grow our salary, or see an opportunity for a killer app. There's no shame in that! I do hope you come for the money and stay for the paradigm shift, though.


Blockchain promises to upend the current top-down information systems in our world. Currently, most users of the internet surrender their personal data to centralized databases and services.

To achieve this paradigm shift, blockchain relies fundamentally on two fields of computer science: [**Distributed Computing**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Distributed_computing) and [**Cryptography**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cryptography). We will cover these topics in the Fundamentals section of the course.

This paradigm shift requires changes from the developer _and_ the user. In the next section of the course, we'll go over what the protocol-layer changes of blockchain mean for you as a developer. I'll then introduce you to Solidity, the language for developing smart contracts, as well as the tools you'll need to build. I'll also discuss the changes for the user, including how requiring private key signatures dramatically changes user workflow.

While there's enormous promise with blockchain development, it requires an awareness of the paradigm shift and an expertise in the fundamental concepts underpinning it. Otherwise, we are inevitably going to recreate the same, centralized monolith we have today.